DOC: json_normalize breaking changes in pandas 3.0.0 (#59127)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

- pickle and HDF (``.h5``) files created with Python 2 are no longer explicitly supported (:issue:`57387`)
- pickled objects from pandas version less than ``1.0.0`` are no longer supported (:issue:`57155`)
- when comparing the indexes in :func:`testing.assert_series_equal`, check_exact defaults to True if an :class:`Index` is of integer dtypes. (:issue:`57386`)

> - Passing a :class:`Series` input to :func:`json_normalize` will now retain the :class:`Series` :class:`Index`, previously output had a new 0:N index (:issue:`51452`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Passing a :class:`Series` input to :func:`json_normalize` will now retain the :class:`Series` :class:`Index`, previously output had a new :class:`RangeIndex` (:issue:`51452`)
```
